Well,
here we are in the ocean studio of
the Yahowah vlog.
For those who are paying attention to
what's happening around me,
you can tell that it's quite blustery.
We haven't been out here in the last
few days because the trade winds have
really picked up.
We've got stormy seas out there.
And my producer,
the great master of the cables over there,
Rich, says that, you know,
it's no harm that I'm heavy enough that
I'm not going to blow away.
And so he's convinced that we'll be able
to pull this off and you'll get to
see whether or not I'm a suitable anchor
to be able to stay out here.
Otherwise, it's a beautiful day.
It's fantastic.
Temperatures are perfect.
The skies are blue and white.
And it's just a lovely day here in
the Caribbean Sea.
A sailor's dream, I suppose,
with the winds gusting up to twenty five
and thirty knots on and off here as
we go.
We are returning to Dowd Songs.
This is another episode out of the second
volume of Coming Home.
It is called Messiah, appropriately.
And it begins this one,
which is the Thirteenth Mizmowr or Psalm,
appropriately.
written to the majestic conductor.
This is Dowd's most favorite way to
introduce his songs.
It is la ha natsach
which means to approach and on behalf of
the everlasting director who endeavors to
guide,
who is preeminent and distinguished,
even glorious, forever.
nashash is a verb modified by the peel
participle and the masculine singular
which means that those who listen to this
song which was inspired by the internal
conductor will be influenced by its lyrics
and as a participle it means that that
natsach is both a verb and a noun
and
Well, I,
we may do fine here with the,
the way and I are not sure we're
going to do fine with Cara.
Uh,
Cara is obviously upset that Wookie has
something that she doesn't have.
Actually, she was given the same thing,
but Cara is a me, myself,
and I sort of a girl.
What's mine is mine, which yours is mine.
Wookie has a little bit of that,
but he has been put to shame by
a Cara.
So it begins, to the majestic conductor,
a song, a Mizmowr of Dowd,
who is the beloved.
As we approach the questions,
which will soon be placed before us,
we can envision Dowd representing Yisrael
and Yahuwdah.
And he doesn't just represent them in the
sense that he is the king of Yisrael
and Israel at that time was a unified
Yisrael and Yahuwdah.
But he himself exemplifies them.
He is the best and the worst of
Yisrael,
bright and zealous and passionate and
industrious and brave,
but also so frustrating at times,
antagonistic at times even.
with God.
And so he is the best and worst
of Israel.
There's no Dowd about it.
And that's one of the reasons I think
Yahowah found him so appealing is that he
was real.
He was raw.
He was the lovable rogue, if you will.
And at times he was the lowest of
the low,
and at times he was the highest of
the highs.
And so he is, in fact, the exemplar.
And since that is the case,
he is asking God how much time will
pass before he re-engages with his people.
Now, alternatively,
these inquiries can be answered within the
scope of the struggle for souls between
Dowd and Sha'uwl.
But even then,
Sha'uwl is a harbinger for the man that
would conceive the Christian religion,
the plague of death,
as God would call him,
known to Christians as Paul.
But he was born as Sha'uwl.
God says that he and his soul are
the plague of death.
He is easily the most disastrous plague
ever to come upon the Jewish people with
his invention of Jesus Christ in
Christianity.
So anything that's a struggle between Dowd
and Sha'uwl is a harbinger of what would
happen in terms of Paul.
robbing Dowd of all of his credentials,
his claim, his achievements, his acumen,
and stealing it all on behalf of his
mythical Jesus.
So they can be projected towards the
conflict between the Messiah and the
author of the New Testament as a result
of this,
and thus to Christianity and then to
Judaism in his response.
So based on these questions, let me...
correct this for a moment.
There we go.
Looking at the text that I'd like to
read,
and it went right off the edge of
the page.
It makes it a little bit harder unless
I go like that.
Probably not the best approach for this
program.
So based upon the statements which follow
these questions,
particularly as presented at the
conclusion of the Mizmowr,
later interpretation becomes the most
reasonable approach as we look at this,
which is to assume that the Dowd is
foretelling about the great conflict that
will arise as Sha'uwl Paul undermines him to
create the myth of Jesus and the
antagonistic anti-Semitic Christian
religion.
thereby shaping the translation of these
questions to infer that outcome.
It begins with Yahowah.
Yahowah.
God's one and only name.
That's an accurate transliteration of the
name of Elowah, God,
guided by his Towrah instructions regarding
his Hayah, existence, and our Shalowm,
reconciliation.
The verb Hayah tells us how to pronounce
the yod and the he,
and
Towrah is very clear on how to pronounce
the wah sound, the oh sound in Hebrew.
So it's Yahowah.
For how long?
Especially on behalf of the enduring
witness, Ad-An.
For what extent of time regarding the
everlasting testimony?
Will you allow me to be overlooked?
satar
will you endure me losing my significance
throughout and about the improperly,
those who have ceased to care about and
essentially be forgotten such that there
is no response to me?
Why?
Boy, this is so painful.
You know,
I'm spending most of my time now
retranslating the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
and writing commentary on it.
And it is this tragic event that has
taken place,
took place beginning at fifty two C.E.
when Paul, a miserable human being,
one of the
worst humans who has ever lived man who
was demon possessed which would explain
part of it but he was also a
violent vile egomaniacal sexually
perverted he if you want to know what
paul's like he was a an exact match
for what you witnessed today and donald
trump that's no reason no wonder that
magas who are christians love trump he is
paul and paul is trump their same demon
possessed them
And he created this religion by literally
robbing, stealing,
misappropriating everything that God said
about David.
David is the chosen one.
He is the one through whom Yahowah worked.
He is the Son of God.
He is the Messiah.
He is the Savior.
He is the one who's fulfilled Passover as
the Lamb.
And so it's just tragic because...
as a result of that religion and as
a result of how rabbis responded to it,
particularly Akiba,
fighting the lie of the false messiah of
Christianity with a lie of their own with
the false messiah of Bar Kokhba,
from whom Jews get that star that they
like to parade around under.
uh between the two guess who was
overlooked guess who was overshadows guess
who was uh had lost his significance guess
who was now perceived improperly who was
shaka who was no longer cared about
essentially forgotten no longer responded
true in an imperfect in an appropriate way
and that is dote uh they changed his
name to david uh and
have done everything they can to undermine
his position with God.
And Yahowah says in the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr
if I don't produce everything I have
promised instead of Dowd
which just at that point,
I think it's the third,
fifth statement in the Eighty-Ninth Psalm,
God had listed thirty profound attributes
and accomplishments of Dowd
thirty of them.
And he says,
if I don't see this through and accomplish
all this with Dowd
you not only can call me a liar,
but I will have disappointed myself and
will have ultimately failed.
Christianity as a religion,
as is the case with Judaism,
its basic foundation is to call God a
liar.
It's tragic that there is a single
Christian.
I've been working with Joe on the
enhancement of the site,
and I would encourage you to go there.
The glossary is now functional,
and the translation index is really well
done.
I'm using it regularly now.
It's so much better than anything we had
previously.
We were talking about how there is a
possible way we could integrate the Dead
Sea Scrolls and take the work of two
people.
that have done some really interesting
work on the Dead Sea Scrolls in terms
of transliteration of the text of those
fragments,
rather than just pictures of them.
And then also a comparison where there is
a difference between the scroll and the
Masoretic text.
and being able to bring those two
together.
And what's interesting is that two people
that are providing the information are
both Twistians
One went to Baylor and you just shake
your head and say,
how in the world can you be privy
to this information and still believe the
conflicting lies of Jesus Christ?
How is that even remotely possible?
How can you not see that everything God
said was about Dowd?
Everything.
And about his people and never about a
church and never about Christians and
never about Christmas or Easter or
resurrections or any of this rot.
No gospel of grace.
How could you categorize this material and
be so blind to the meaning of it?
But that's the case.
The truth is obvious.
It's Dowd who told us that he would
fulfill Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
It's Dowd who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty three C.E.
It was Dowd who was crucified as the
lamb.
It is Dowd who is our savior.
It's Dowd who is the son of God.
It's Dowd who is the chosen one.
It's Dowd who is the Messiah.
And there's no mention of this perverted
Messiah.
product of identity theft known as Jesus.
And so, Dowd begins by saying Yahowah,
which is a name that's not even mentioned
in the Christian New Testament.
One of these sites is the way to
Yahowah.
They changed the O to a U and
the ending to an A,
but the way to Yahowah.
And they began by showing their renderings
of the
new testament from the oldest manuscripts
and you go it's one thing to do
what i did with them which is to
write five volumes that disprove
christianity but they're christians and
they know god's name it's
It's baffling.
I know the answer to the question,
fortunately.
The answer to the question is the twenty
fourth of September, twenty thirty three.
Yom Taruwah is the answer to the question.
That's how long.
So yeah, for how long,
especially on behalf of the enduring
witness?
The enduring witness, yeah, well,
you can look up what God has to
say about the person who would speak for
him in the last days and draw your
own conclusions.
But add,
it's the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
That's what's written here in the text.
Will you allow me to be overlooked?
shakah
I know the answer.
First of all,
we're doing all that I know is possible
to do to right that wrong.
Not only are the three volumes of Coming
Home soon to be four,
and I've written enough to have a fourth
volume.
I've just got to finish the things that
we're currently working on in it in my
part time while we're doing this vlog,
and working on the website with Joe.
And please go check out the translation
index check out the glossary and it's it's
beginnings it's they're both marvelous and
look at the the page just of music
they're great and the.
The blog and the blog and the way
that the books are presented in all of
the three formats,
including the page turners.
Gosh, it's a great site.
And we're about to add another element to
it as soon as we can here,
where we're going to integrate an AI LLM
that will have...
been trained on the books and will be
able to verify translations and
conclusions and provide answers based upon
the twenty five thousand pages that have
been written.
So we'll see how all that material
materializes over this period of time.
But it's my it's it's a marvelous place
now to to visit.
So the enduring eminence, the natsach
this is that word, of course,
that we saw in the dedication,
is it not?
natsach
the majestic and everlasting guide,
the preeminent and distinguished leader
and the perpetual conductor.
For what extent of time?
So he is now using natsach as a
synonym for Yahowah.
He used God's name in the first stanza
of this.
Now he's using natsach, telling us,
in fact, that I was right.
When he is...
Using that term,
he's not talking about a conductor of
music.
This is not some unknown person that's got
a band there for Dowd to step up
and to play requests for those gathered in
the castle.
He's dedicating these to Yahowah.
So enduring eminence,
majestic and everlasting guide,
preeminent and distinguished leader.
For what extent of time?
add an, for how long,
and on behalf of the enduring witness
again,
will you conceal the direct and close
association of your presence with regard
to me?
Boy, that is the essence, my friends,
of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And it got, after listing, thirty,
profoundly important.
statements regarding Dowd.
That Dowd is the recipient of his enduring
love and loyalty.
That Dowd is the living embodiment of
God's verification and trustworthiness.
That Dowd is the one who enabled the
benefits of the covenant.
He is the one through whom Yahowah cut
the covenant.
There are three references to Dowd's
offspring, his extended family.
One which says they're kuwn,
they're established upright.
One which says they're etsym,
they're properly placed and preserved.
One that says they're Hayah,
their existence is enduring.
It says that he is the tested and
approved one.
It says that he is the chosen one.
It says that God personally anointed him
the Messiah.
It says that he is my son,
I am his father.
He calls him the bakowr, the firstborn.
It refers to him as the Zarowa,
the sacrificial lamb of Passover.
I mean, it calls him the Gibowr,
the capable and courageous one.
There's thirty of these.
And then God says, Echad,
pursuant to Dowd, Echad.
He is the only one that all of
these attributes apply to.
Which means they can't apply to a Jesus.
It means they can't apply to a Bar
Kokhba.
It can't apply to a Muhammad or an
Allah.
An Akiba or a Maimonides or a Peter
or a Paul, a Hashem, a Lord,
a Mr. Christ.
The relationship that God says is
exemplary is with Dowd
Yahowah calls Dowd his collaborator,
his coworker.
He says that his seat of honor,
and Kise is not just throne and seat
of honor.
It also speaks of the fullness of the
moon when its light is most reflective of
the sun and of concealing and of covering.
Well,
our guilt was concealed in Sheowl by Dowd
on Matsah.
And when Dowd returns on Kipurym,
that's the day of covering.
It's from kapowr means to cover.
It's all there.
It says that Dowd, when he returns,
is that that seat of honor and that
full moon and the method of his
concealment and covering is going to be as
brilliant as the sun,
right conspicuously in God's presence.
There can't be a Jesus.
You're spitting in God's face.
You're calling him a liar to be a
Christian.
And so Dowd is just flabbergasted.
How long?
To what extent of time?
Is this your association with me,
Yahowah and Dowd, going to be hidden?
It's a powerful question and it's one of
the most frustrating things ever.
to be the first to recognize that Dowd
isn't just the Messiah and son of God.
Therefore,
Jesus' character is a product of identity
theft.
He's just a ripoff.
But that it is Dowd,
all of the other part of it was
based.
The crucifixion on Passover was Dowd.
And the one who went into hell to
carry our guilt away, it's Dowd.
There's no Easter Sunday,
but there sure as heck is a firstborn
children.
And it took place on the first day
of the week, but it was Dowd
There was a celebration of the Passover
meal before becoming the Passover lamb,
but it was with Dowd
There was a sermon on the Mount,
but it was Dowd
And it just took that and
wrote Dowd out and wrote this mythical
character named Jesus Christ in?
It just wasn't a vomit.
to recognize there's two point five
billion of these Twistians and they're
belligerent about it.
And the answer is in their own book.
God,
go look in what it says in the
eighty ninth Mizmowr.
I know you can't read Hebrew.
I understand that you don't know that
there's a thing called the Dead Sea
Scrolls and how they correct the text.
I understand that you're clueless as to
how errant your translations are.
But I published it for you.
Heck,
you have two twistians that have even
published the text of it.
Read it.
Stop being ignorant.
Stop antagonizing God.
It was and remains the most devastating
crime ever perpetrated.
And with the most diabolical consequences
for God and
his people and the victims.
That's Christianity.
And yet it wouldn't be in my case
until, well,
twenty-two years of devoting ten,
twelve hours a day, six,
seven days a week,
translating Yahowah's words before I
uncovered it.
It was staring me in the face all
the time.
But we're so blinded in this world by
the lie that it's hard to perceive the
truth.
Now, it started with one prophecy,
and then indeed with one word, Asher,
in Second Samuel seven,
a text that I have translated, oh,
I bet, twenty-five times now.
Then in the related Yashayah,
Isaiah nine six,
we realize that the Gibowr,
the most competent and courageous of men,
That is described to Dowd,
and there's only one name mentioned in
that prophecy, and it's Dowd.
So the term and this prediction,
when you read through it,
it led to Jews not defending Yahowah,
not defending Dowd.
and allowing an exceedingly irritating man
who was overtly egotistical, egomaniacal,
and diabolical, demon-possessed,
to plaster all over Dowd with this myth
of Jesus.
But Jesus is not the Messiah.
Jesus never even existed.
Well, then there's
Another and another example with hundreds
of affirmations, all from Yahowah,
saying that Dowd is the most important,
enlightened, empowered,
connected person who ever lived.
God had more to say about him and
through him than anyone else,
including Moshe before him.
There's a thousand prophecies regarding
him,
and some of the most riveting are found
in the Mizmowr,
particularly in the Eighty-Ninth,
which is why we're going back through it
again,
and we'll return to it this evening on
Family Hour.
Dowd's position with Yahowah is so obvious,
so important, so undeniable.
It's astounding.
that billions upon billions have bought
into the nullifications and
misappropriations that are manifest in
Judaism and in Christianity,
whereby most everything God had to say
about that was either ignored or just
pilfered,
taken from him and given to the myth
of Jesus.
Well, through the confusion,
Yahuwdym have lost sight of the Son of
God, their Mashyach, their Melek, King,
and indeed their Yasha, Savior.
An unfathomable number of Gentiles were
lured to their deaths as a result of
this fraud.
I was not the first,
nor will I be the last,
to recognize that Yahowah revealed himself
to us and has chosen to relate to
us through his son, Dowd, our shepherd,
Messiah, and king, even the Passover lamb.
Seven prophets spoke specifically of it in
addition to Dowd himself.
Shamuw’el, Nathan, Ethan ha 'Ezrachy, Howsha,
Yashayah, Yermaya, and Zechariah.
We have already considered some of these
and we'll present them all,
beginning with the earliest hints in the
Towrah.
Dabarym, verse eighteen,
is a beautiful example.
But so is Numbers eleven.
So is Genesis one and Genesis two.
The proof is overwhelming.
It is rationally irrefutable.
Collectively, these insights,
these prophetic statements from Yahowah
demonstrate that the faith of billions of
Christians and Jews have been wrongly
placed on a false Messiah by a false
prophet,
leaving countless souls estranged from the
covenant.
All the wild Israelites and Yahuwdym have
become oblivious to his role in their
lives, past, present, and future.
There is no way to capitalize upon or
be part of the covenant without
acknowledging and appreciating and
accepting and capitalizing upon what Dawud
did in the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
And if you're not part of the covenant,
there is no way to capitalize on any
one of the seven Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
including Shabuwah, Taruwah, Kipurym,
and Sukah
And should you not capitalize on the
covenant,
recognition that Dowd enabled it according
to God,
and the Mowedym that Dowd fulfilled
according to God,
then you will never meet God.
You will never enter heaven.
There's only two options for such souls.
They're destroyed at the end of their
mortal lives or off to Sheowl.
That's why this is so important.
God's not going to grade on the curve.
He's not going to say,
I know a lot of people made that
same mistake,
so I'll cut you in on a special
deal.
No.
Everybody that Christianity has fooled,
toast.
The same thing is true with Judaism.
I'm not going to even speak of Islam
as too stupid for words.
And I know I don't speak flippantly of
these things, though it may sound so.
For those who know,
I've written thirteen volumes denouncing
Christianity in the Twistianity series,
Islam in the Goddamn Religion series,
and Judaism in the Babel series,
while also writing another twenty-five
books heralding
Everything there is to know about Yahowah
and his love for his son and how
he enabled the benefits of the covenant
through the Mow'ed.
It's all there.
It's YadaYah.com.
It's all free.
But you're running out of time to read
it.
It is my hope that what we have
discovered will be found by and will
resonate with numerous Israelites and
Yahuwdym.
And if they listen to what Yahowah inspired
Dowd and others of these prophets to
write,
many of his chosen people will be able
to follow them home.
But with Gentiles,
as well as with the religious among the
chosen,
I'm conflicted knowing the horrible cost
of the crimes that both religions have
committed.
And I don't want Christians in heaven and
God's not going to allow them.
I don't want
the Herodim in heaven,
and I can assure you God's not going
to allow it.
And I'm not here to try to convince
somebody that is a Christian or that is
an Orthodox Jew that they should change
and give up that religion and become
beneficiaries of what Yahowah and God are
offering because you don't belong.
You're toxic, you're poison.
There's no way in this short order that
you're going to listen to this,
come clean and be trustworthy in the
amount of time we have remaining.
So that's not for you.
I'm speaking to secular individuals.
People who have, yeah, I know,
been brought up in a religious culture,
but are not overtly religious themselves.
Those certainly who are not MAGA and are
not Marxist and are not overtly political,
wouldn't define themselves by their
political party or by a religious
affiliation and are certainly not
conspiratorial.
They're not anti-Semitic.
I don't know what percentage of the
world's population that is,
but maybe ten percent, maybe.
That's the people that I'm speaking to.
And even of that ten percent,
I'm only speaking to those who have the
overwhelming desire to know who God is,
what he's offering,
what he's expecting in return,
what they need to do to come to
know him and earn his trust.
And fortunately, the
The goal is only to attract enough really
top quality people into the Shabuwah
Harvest.
that we have a team in place to
make certain that we capitalize on this
last opportunity during the time of
trouble and culminating with Taruwah,
such that when Yahowah brings a mortal
remnant of Yisrael,
those who are not overtly religious or
political,
into Jerusalem to be purged by the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah on Taruwah
in twenty thirty three,
that that we're prepared to guide them.
teach them,
serve as exemplars for them through that
thousand years of our return to the
conditions of Eden,
so that they come to know Yahowah,
earn His trust,
and then all of us can be empowered
and enriched by God and leave this planet,
go off and explore the universe.
That's where we are.
Now, fortunately,
knowing that covenant participation comes
with requirements, there are five.
God will use them to vet those who
are exposed to these translations of his
words,
such that the family remains untainted by
the despicable deceptions of Christian
replacement theology and Jewish denial,
recalcitrance.
The question Dowd asked in this Mizmowr
will be answered over the next decade,
albeit in steps with coming home,
contributing to moving the world closer to
the right outcome,
as well as the volumes of An Introduction
to God, Yada Yahowah, Observations.
We know the answer,
as do those who have read these books
and listened to these audio programs that
are based on them.
But what we do not know is how
many of you will find them or how
you will respond.
Dowd's advice and counsel have been
available for three thousand years.
For most of that time,
so has that of the seven prophets who
affirmed his declarations,
whose names I have shared with you.
And yet fewer than a thousand people today
are aware that God revealed this,
what he had to say in this regard,
while billions believe the liars.
And that's a shame because they may be
nothing more.
I don't think there is anything more
important,
especially since Dowd is the living
embodiment
of the covenant.
He is the enabler of the covenant's
benefits.
He's the one who fulfilled the Mow'ed that
make them possible.
He's our savior.
He is our returning king.
He's God's beloved son.
According to God, he's Elyown,
a very influence of God in our presence.
He represents everything that's important
to Yahowah.
He, more than anyone,
leads the willing to God.
He opens the door to eternal life and
to heaven.
He is the one who removed our guilt.
He wrote our adoption papers into the
covenant family.
Sure, God did all this with him,
but God never works alone.
This is the one he chose to collaborate
with.
And so he asks again, for how long?
And on behalf of this enduring witness,
will I set forth counsel and advice
through my soul?
The dissatisfaction of having been pushed
away, discarded, and disregarded,
it weighs heavy on my heart and in
my thinking every day.
For what extent of time will the one
who is in opposition to me be lifted
up and exalted over me?
Oh, ouch.
God, this hurts.
This doesn't just tear your heart out and
stamp on it.
Then we have no business even listening to
these programs.
You just don't know.
Yahowah and his love for his son to
the extent that needs to be appreciated to
know how disgusted God is by that God
forsaken religion of Christianity and
Judaism as well.
He despises them.
If you are overtly Christian,
God hates what you have become.
Hates it.
You haven't found salvation.
You found damnation.
If you're prating around with a Star of
David, thinking that it belongs to Dowd,
that it has something to do with God,
you celebrate rabbinical holidays like the
High Holy Days and the seven day Passover
and Purim and Hanukkah, nine candles.
You value the input of rabbis,
you think that they are somehow godly
people
You're spitting in God's face.
You don't appreciate it.
I don't appreciate it.
It's time for us to just deal with
the facts.
There is no basis whatsoever for Judaism
or Christianity.
Of course, there's none for Islam,
but that's, as I said, it's another story.
It's too dumb for words.
None.
Every aspect of Christianity is a fraud.
Every citation from the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms is misappropriated.
Every single one, errantly translated,
robbed from its context,
its original meaning upended.
There was no Mr. Jesus, Mr. Christ.
No one by that name ever lived.
no resurrection there's no baby god
there's no god as a man none of
it it's all a lie and it all
robs Dowd of his dignity and doe just
so happens to be our savior the very
son of god the actual messiah and the
chosen one and judaism is even worse with
their predicated
with Rabbi Akiba on the false prophets Bar
Kokhba.
He was the one that caused Rome to
come back and kill hundreds of thousands
of Jews, to trounce Judea,
to rename Judea Philistia,
which is the plague now that you're
enduring as a result of the Phakistinians.
He's the one that caused the diaspora.
He lied to you and he's the father
of your religion.
Are you out of your mind?
It's time we just get right to the
truth.
Judaism and Christianity antagonize God.
He hates both of them.
If you have an affinity for either,
you are absolutely estranged from God to
the extent you will never know him.
And if you promote them,
he will assure that your soul goes to
hell.
If you're victimized by them,
your soul will simply dissipate into
nothingness.
But think of the harm of all of
this.
God's beloved son, Dowd.
volunteers to fulfill Pesach Matsah and
Bikuwrym,
which means he is knowingly and willingly
allowing,
a thousand years after his first life,
the Romans to crucify his body,
a form of torture that is the worst
man has ever inflicted.
And then on top of that,
he's willing to have his nephesh soul
carry our guilt and take it into hell
and deposit it there and never to be
seen again.
And then Yahowah embraces him again with
the promise of Bikuwrym,
us becoming firstborn children,
just as Dowd is Bokur,
the firstborn son of God.
and all of the enrichment and the
empowerment and adoption and enablement
and eternal life that goes with all of
that.
And the way that the most popular religion
in the history of humanity and the
religion of the Jews thank him is to
ignore him, to reject him, to deny him,
to rob him of everything he has done,
To credit a goddamn myth with that
sacrifice?
Out of your mind again?
What is wrong with you?
It's so darn obvious that Christianity and
Judaism are fraudulent and that they
antagonize God.
and that God has a plan that he
put in place that he enabled through his
beloved son, and that son is Dowd,
that he is the Messiah,
that he is the former and returning king.
And until you get your act together and
embrace Yahowah by name,
accept the conditions of the covenant,
attend the Mow'ed Miqra'ey as they were
intended,
recognize
Why Yahowah chose to work through Dowd?
Why he became the perfect exemplar?
Not because he was perfect.
God doesn't want perfect.
Perfect's a waste of time.
He's looking for observant, thoughtful,
responsive, and responsible.
And Dowd turned out perfect based on that
criterion.
So for how long?
Well,
I set forth counsel and advice through my
soul.
You see, Dowd did this through his soul,
and his body at the end of his
first life perished.
No big deal.
His soul lived on.
His soul was redeployed a thousand years
later, put in a different body,
a disposable body,
one that could be sacrificed as the
Passover lamb.
Then his soul carried our guilt unto
Sheowl.
It was through his nephesh soul.
And then his soul was released from Sheowl
to be back with his father in Shamaym.
His soul, his soul, his soul.
It is his soul encapsulated in yet another
body that will return on Kipurym.
The body is irrelevant.
The soul is what matters.
One of the reasons that Christianity with
its dead God on a stick and then
bodily resurrection is so utterly foolish.
The body is irrelevant.
The soul that matters.
The dissatisfaction of having been pushed
away, Dowd says,
and he has been by his people and
by the world.
To be discarded, to be disregarded.
You know,
it's one thing to have lived a meaningless
life and have lived a selfish life and
to be disregarded and to be discarded.
Not fun, but where's your complaint?
But to be the man who volunteered to
have it.
his body tortured through crucifixion,
and then volunteered to have his soul go
into hell to carry your guilt and mine,
and that's the man that you want to
discard?
Imagine having done it.
Imagine God having allowed his son to do
it, and then to have everyone deny it.
He says it's heavy on his heart,
his thinking, every day.
That's why I think there are so many
references to the role that I am playing
here for you and being the person who
discovered that Dowd did these things and
proved them and is bringing it to you
through this Yahowah vlog and through the
thirty five books that are available at
YadaYah.com.
All of it is because no one else
ever
had come to these conclusions,
even as they are obvious,
even as they are beautifully documented.
And so this is the way that Dowd's
esteem is being restored.
How Yahowah's name is being restored.
It says again,
for what's the extent of time?
Well,
the one who is in opposition to me
be lifted up and exalted.
St.
Paul.
Peter.
Akiba.
It's hard to imagine,
but there was something far worse than
having mankind's most illustrious empire
torture the Son of God.
There was something more hellish than
sending the Messiah to Sheowl, hell,
with our guilt.
Denying what he has done,
as is the case with Judaism,
or crediting a myth
with the sacrifice,
as is the case with Christianity.
I mean, naturally,
Dowd is disappointed that he has been
discarded and disregarded,
not just for himself,
but for all of the souls that he
otherwise could have saved.
Adding to his aggravation,
the painstaking and methodically explained
Fulfillment.
Of the spring.
By.
Psalm.
Twenty two.
Eighty eight.
And as it's explained.
Even in.
Fifty three.
You were told.
He made it obvious.
You didn't listen.
Even with all of that,
no one was willing to accept what occurred
when it played out exactly as promised.
Even when the counterfeit,
the Christian New Testament was so replete
with historical inaccuracies,
internal contradictions,
a hundred percent errant citations with a
textual legacy that is worse than a
tornado going over a junkyard.
filled with all manner of pagan mythology
and written about a person who never
lived,
a person whose name cannot be found in
any text pursuant to that generation or
place or time.
All of it a lie.
So instead of showing our appreciation or
your appreciation,
I'm not speaking to those who are already
covenant because you do appreciate Dowd,
but to those who are not,
What's wrong with you?
Why don't you show your appreciation for
the gift of life, indeed salvation?
The men most responsible for denying the
sacrifice, Peter and Paul, Akiba,
Maimonides, Muhammad,
they're all venerated above Dowd.
Jesus, the myth,
I realize that it is easy to say
that Christians are guilty as hell because
they admittedly took each of the many of
hundreds of prophecies that attest to
those words, his accolades and deeds,
and attributed them all to Jesus as if
he were a man God.
And that, you know,
you'd have to be a blithering idiot.
And if you can't distinguish one son
from the myth, the son of God,
from the mythological caricature.
It's easy just to say,
you just have to be stupid.
But, you know,
it's the obvious sometimes is hard to see
when ninety nine percent of people,
ninety nine point nine are steeped in the
lie.
And that's the problem with our society.
And it's the problem even now,
as we have AI engines,
they're all
programmed with a bias for popularity.
Any nincompoop can prove that the
Christian New Testaments are a farce,
that they're filled with all manner of
contradictions and deceptions and
miscitations and logical fallacies,
and that there is no correlation of any
significance between the oldest
manuscripts and the basis of today's
translations.
And that no one named Jesus ever lived
and there was no contemporaries eyewitness
ever written because he never lived.
And that everything that is of value was
actually attributed to Dowd by Yahowah
himself.
It's God who calls Dowd his son,
the Messiah, the returning King,
his chosen one.
To say anybody else is that is to
call God a liar.
So the Christian position does in fact
render God deceptive and it's
preposterous.
And so you would think that with all
of that fancy ability to process
information that every AI engine in the
world would tell you Christianity is a
farce, but they have a popularity bias.
They can't spend billions on something
that,
They want to be popular so they can
make money on it.
They can control people on it and tell
them what they don't want to hear.
God has always been unpopular.
And these engines,
even if you can absolutely prove beyond
any Dowd and your evidence is
overwhelming and irrefutable,
if you have a position that is not
popular,
the AI engines will absolutely discard it
and use the ad hominem fallacy to attack
you.
So the Christian position is preposterous.
It's also anti-Semitic since they blame
Jews, not Romans, for killing their God.
So while the Christian misappropriation of
God intent here
is obvious but about jews some might say
that they venerate Dowd because of the
star of david and and that's become the
symbol of the nation of israel and the
religion of judaism yes it is both of
those two things and yet no it isn't
and the tens of thousands of words written
about Dowd
They've even corrupted his name to David.
There is no V in the original Hebrew
language.
And it's written, there is no I.
But in all of those tens of thousands
of words written about that,
that Yahowah inspired,
there is only one which could be
extrapolated to associating a star with
him.
However,
the symbol is unabashedly attributed to
Bar Kokhba, the son of a star,
who was Akiba's false messiah,
the very beginning of Judaism.
Now,
clinging to the delusion that led to the
Diaspora,
Jews subjugated throughout the Roman
Empire continued to identify with this
symbol of false religious hope.
mocking them the roman catholic church
made them aware it is a sign that
they should be disrespected and
de-legitimized even dehumanized and
demonized throughout europe that is why
the nazis used it they didn't invent it
and they used it to the same effect
Therefore,
to attribute this symbol of denial and
denigration,
of demonization and dehumanization to Dowd
and then to themselves, it's disgusting.
Dowd is a prophet.
He was transported to the future where he
witnessed the effect of Paul's letters and
Akiba's Talmud.
And he knew what effect they would have
on the people he loved.
He therefore came to realize that the
deadliest plot in human history would be
based on discrediting and discarding him.
It would be Satan's greatest achievement.
The humanity's greatest loss.
We'll conclude this program with this
statement and then rejoin.
The presentation of the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr,
the greatest song ever written tonight on
Family Hour.
I hope you will join us for that.
Begins at five o'clock Eastern Standard
Time this evening,
six o'clock Atlantic Time where we are.
Usually lasts a couple of hours.
We'll have our full cast of characters and
we hope that you are part of it.
The material we're going to cover is
breathtaking particularly as we use the
term that find the term discover the term
explain the term that Yahowah used that
describes the satanic individual today the
very person today who is leading the world
to its doom who is demon possessed by
satan and while christians will call this
person the antichrist uh
Every aspect of Christianity is false,
including the book of Revelation.
I mean,
aspects of Revelation that are true only
because it's heavily plagiarized.
But the real name of this individual is
Rahab.
And we'll explain exactly who he is during
this program this evening.
I'm sure you'll find it interesting.
So this is the last statement that we're
going to read of the thirteenth Mizmowr in
this program.
And Rich was right.
I was
not blown away.
There was times where it got pretty damp
and I thought we were going to get
rain any moment.
And there's some clouds that looked a bit
menacing out there,
but they have blown wistfully by and here
we are.
Even the dogs calm down a bit.
So you and I are in complete agreement
that it is essential that you consider
This is nabath.
It is my desire and your choice to
think about this and provide an
impassioned response which conveys your
will to examine this
I was written in the hifil imperative,
which is second person volition.
Paragogic hay, which is emphatic.
Cohortative,
which is an expression of first person
volition.
So you and I are in agreement.
This is what we both want.
He's speaking to God.
So he is a style that Dowd uses
a lot in his writings.
where he conveys his will and Yahowah's
will, and that they are the same.
So imperative and cohortative,
with an emphasis with the paragogic.
And the hifl means that the subject of
this, such as you,
will cause the object of this,
which is God's response to Dowd.
to participate in this action of this
verb,
which is to provide an impassioned
response as a understudy,
as if the object were very similar to
the subject,
making Dowd ever more like Yahowah.
So you and I are in agreement that
it is essential that you consider
that you and I provide an impassioned
response, answering me,
choosing to respond to me,
declaring the information necessary that
we can sing and be part of this
song, Yahowah, my God.
Illuminate, enlighten, provide sight,
light,
Negating the possibility that I become
inactive and die.
Mizmowr lyrics to sing Psalm 13:3
Should Dowd die, his soul pass away.
We wouldn't be here.
the earth would have destroyed itself by
now.
God would have eliminated all of the
buffering that he has placed,
all the insertions of key individuals at
the right time to keep his plan and
his people on pace.
All of it would have ceased and the
earth would have already destroyed itself.
The people of the earth would have
destroyed themselves.
There would have been no fulfillment of
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which means there could be no fulfillment
of Shabuwah Taruwah,
which means there would be no homecoming
of Yahowah and Dowd on Kipurym,
which means there'd be no return to the
conditions of Eden, on Sukah,
which means that mankind would just
continue to wallow in our poisonous
religious filth and politics to the point
that we engulf the whole world in war.
And so that was the one thing that
had to be avoided.
Dowd's soul could not die.
Dowd's soul had to survive to be,
to fulfill Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym,
to negate everything that was claimed
about him in Christianity.
And this is an interesting inversion,
really, of tactics, because Anah,
for anyone other than Dowd,
is always in Yahowah's voice to us.
But here, Dowd is requesting it of Yahowah.
Anah is to respond.
The thing that God needs the most from
us,
for us to have a relationship with him,
for us to be saved by him,
for us to engage in the covenant with
him, for us to work with him,
is to be responsive.
Anah.
When
He gave an assessment of why he had
chosen Moshe when Miriam, his sister,
was claiming that she too spoke for God
and God said, no, you don't.
He used a variation of anah to
explain that the reason that he chose
Moshe is that Moshe was the most
responsive of men.
It is surprising.
The thing that God asks of us throughout
the Mowedym, Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym,
Shabbat, Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah,
that we respond to him.
He's offering an invitation to meet.
He wants us to respond.
It is the thing that he asked of
Adam, that he be observant and responsive.
Dowd was responsive.
And now what he's asking,
and because he's in such a pitiful
position that the fulfillment of the
Spring Miqra'ey literally is the fulcrum
upon which life and death pivot.
So Anah, you need to respond.
It's essential that you do not let me
die.
Because it's essential that we collaborate
in the enablement of the covenant's
benefits.
that's a great place for us to stop
we'll uh pick this back up um probably
on monday um weather permitting here from
our ocean studio we hope to see you
this evening again five o'clock eastern
standard time it'll be a great program
where we're going to use the presentation
in
The Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
as Ethan ha 'Ezrachy
the man that God routinely installs in and
out of the timeline to keep his people
and plan apace,
he is revealing the name of the demonic
fellow that is the most powerful
politician in the world today.
And the evidence behind that, I think,
is fascinating.
So that's what we'll be considering this
evening.
Look forward to seeing you there.
Thank you for being with us.
And may God bless you until this evening.
Good night.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.